Even when I visited my upscale cousin -LRB- he 's a psychiatrist -RRB- in Westport , Conn. , just down the road from Paul Newman 's place , I felt I belonged .
Within a year of that age were Google 's Sergey Brin and Larry Page , Apple 's Steve Wozniak , Yahoo 's Jerry Yang , Skype 's Janus Friis , Chad Hurley from YouTube , and Tom Anderson from MySpace .
Muhammad Yunus , who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year , demonstrated with Grameen Bank the power of microfinancing .
Among the holdings of the News Corporation are the Fox Broadcasting Company , HarperCollins Publishers and MySpace .
David Geffen , Jeffrey Katzenberg and Steven Spielberg of DreamWorks are the hosts -- with a private dinner afterward at Mr. Geffen 's for those who sold 20 tickets or more .
Stephen A. Schwarzman , the co-founder of the Blackstone Group , which is in the process of going public , made $ 400 million last year .
Sony Corporation wishes to express its deepest and most heartfelt sympathy to his family , along with its utmost respect and gratitude for the instrumental role he played in assisting his middle school classmate and Sony founder , Akio Morita , in establishing Sony 's presence in the United States in the early 1960s .
For Mrs. Clinton , the strategy for reaching black voters at this early stage of the campaign involves strong outreach to black elected officials , business leaders and others , followed by phone calls to reinforce her candidacy from her husband and supporters like Robert L. Johnson , who founded Black Entertainment Television .
DEAL FOR ` NO DEAL ' CREATOR A group of investors led by John de Mol , one of the founders of Endemol , which pioneered reality television series like '' Big Brother '' and game shows like '' Deal or No Deal , '' agreed to buy a controlling stake in the company .
One who seems to exemplify that search for a compass is Tom Freston , the co-founder of MTV Networks , who was fired last September as the chief executive of Viacom by Sumner Redstone , its chairman .